



TODO                                                          Y. R. Yang
Internet-Draft                                           Yale University
Intended status: Standards Track                            1 March 2024
Expires: 2 September 2024


                            Mangrove - TODO
                 draft-mertus-workgroup-mangrove-latest

Abstract

   TODO: ADD ABSTRACT ONCE DRAFT IS COMPLETE

Status of This Memo

   This Internet-Draft is submitted in full conformance with the
   provisions of BCP 78 and BCP 79.

   Internet-Drafts are working documents of the Internet Engineering
   Task Force (IETF).  Note that other groups may also distribute
   working documents as Internet-Drafts.  The list of current Internet-
   Drafts is at https://datatracker.ietf.org/drafts/current/.

   Internet-Drafts are draft documents valid for a maximum of six months
   and may be updated, replaced, or obsoleted by other documents at any
   time.  It is inappropriate to use Internet-Drafts as reference
   material or to cite them other than as "work in progress."

   This Internet-Draft will expire on 2 September 2024.

Copyright Notice

   Copyright (c) 2024 IETF Trust and the persons identified as the
   document authors.  All rights reserved.

   This document is subject to BCP 78 and the IETF Trust's Legal
   Provisions Relating to IETF Documents (https://trustee.ietf.org/
   license-info) in effect on the date of publication of this document.
   Please review these documents carefully, as they describe your rights
   and restrictions with respect to this document.  Code Components
   extracted from this document must include Revised BSD License text as
   described in Section 4.e of the Trust Legal Provisions and are
   provided without warranty as described in the Revised BSD License.

Table of Contents

   1.  First section
   2.  IANA Considerations
   3.  Security Considerations
   4.  Acknowledgments
   Author's Address

1.  First section

2.  IANA Considerations

   This document has no actions for IANA.

3.  Security Considerations

   TODO

4.  Acknowledgments

   TODO

Author's Address

   Y. Richard Yang
   Yale University
   Watson 208A, 51 Prospect Street
   New Haven, CT 06511
   United States of America
   Email: yang.r.yang@yale.edu
